# Personal-Project-products
I am going to make three products.The first is a late system project using the face recognition library (because this library will allow me to detect and compare faces and that is what I want to make this product) I will give the program pictures of people. The program will use these pictures to learn and when the program sees a person in the pictures the program will be able to detect that person and will put his name in a table with the time he appeared. The second one is a volume controller using the top of your index and thumb fingers. I’ll be able to do that using the mediapipe library which will make me able to detect hands divide them into 20 points like the image you see and using the locations of the 4th and 8th points I’ll be able to know the distance between them and to convert that distance into volume. I am going to use these two points because they represent the top of the index and thumb fingers which are used to control the volume. The third product is an AI virtual painter using your hands. I’ll be able to do that using mediapipe library which will make me able to detect hands and draw using them in terms of the fingers position, so if you have two or more fingers up you will be in the changing mode which will make you able to choose the color of drawing or the eraser and if you have just one finger up you will be in the drawing mode which will make you able to draw using your index finger.
I am going to write some modules using the mediapipe library that will help me to complete my products easily. These modules are:
-Hand detector module: will make me able to detect hands and divide them into 20 points(as you can see in the image up) and the program will give me the location of each point so that I’ll be able to use these locations in my projects such as the volume controller and AI virtual painter projects because these two projects work using hands.
-Face mesh module: will make me able to detect faces and divide each one into 467 points and the program will give me the location of each point.
-Face detector module: will make me able to detect faces and have location of the face.
-Body detector module will make me able to detect human bodies and divide each one into 32 points and the program will make me able to have the location of each point.
